╰┈➤ ❝ Cheer Factory ! ❞
    ❝ take a picture 🎀 ❞
  ❝ welcome to my manor ! ❞
❝ i mean, your gonna have to model it after a model ! ❞
  ❝ the way of life is having a brat girl summer ❞
    
╰┈➤ ❝ im alienyaoi babezzz ❞
          ❝ 🎀 ❞
                  ╰┈➤ ❝ dni bad people in general /dir ❞
         ❝ i ❤️ bow!! ❞
❝ pokerwithpaintings ❞

sometimes i write because im bored this is like 3 pages PLEASE don't use this as evidence xoxo or ur a jobless little bitch!! this isn't a "apology" i just like writing about my life

❝ if death threats are illegal, then why aren't the people who sent death threats to me in jail? why aren't my groomers in jail? i cant commit. too many people love and care for me. its not like i like them back. im starting to detach. its like i was a magnet for them. i tend to gain the most friends when im the worst version of myself. dictionary is just a reflection of me, of course im not a murderer. i just wish i could kill whoever i want without consequence. im just partaking a role, in my boring, miserable life. im just a young girl, wishing she didn't have a life after all. this is all ill ever be anyways. am i really bad at everything? or do i have a different side for everything? i think id be better if i had met nobody. nobody at all. just like me. will things get better? probably not. i have a caring family. its just my stepdad is a pedophile. i promise mother, it wasn't a dream if i felt it. would it now? she never believed me anyways. only my mind and thoughts. i love my friends, just not as much ever since he walked in. ive met cool people, but are cool people who argue all the time? i wish not. im a nice person, its just i wanted to protect my friends. that's really all. maybe a bit more to that. i tend to see the worst in me. i miss my biological dad. i miss everything i had when i was a little girl. i dont like this place. why can't i go back and start over? maybe i can, but id have to get a rope first. im just so dumb and stupid now. that's what i say to myself, and that's what other people say to me. i dont think im good at anything. and i won't be, forever. if satan couldn't reach me, he'll make me bad at everything for the rest of my life. its just what i think about my life. im getting better, it feels like my depression is going away for the time being. but ive thought to myself these past couple of days, wanting to get more death threats to push me more and stress me out into doing more projects. sure itd hurt, but i wouldn't really care. during the summer i did nothing but get death threats, start arguments, and meet new people. for all the wrong reasons. i couldn't remember who i was before summer started, but im sure i was somewhat happy. can you come back? i know you're reading this. who are you? and why? am i going insane? or are you? i wish to see you again even though im scared of you. you're the reason after all. you're the problem of this. but i don't care. im sorry i didn't forgive you. or am i wrong to forgive you? now im scared. im scared of everyone. it feels like im starting to detach, now everyone makes fun of me. i tend to see only just the worst in me, not other people because i dont think of other people. the world is changing, its just not changing me. every day feels like the same. i cry for no reason, its just because i want to. the idea of my freinds loosing me scares me. seeing them see new people and befriend them scares me. what if im not good enough for them? what if im not funny enough? ill never know until im them. seeing people be better at something that i love pisses me off. why aren't i not at their level? why am i even interested? why are people like this? home is an escape from school while school is an escape from home, but home doesn't feel like home anymore and school is just draining me. i dont know what to do because everything is just getting worse each day. you must break the patten today or the loop will repeat tomorrow. i want therapy, but im scared. what if i get sent off and i cant tell anyone? what if cps gets called on me? i don't want to find out anymore. my friends are the only ones that make me happy. but what if they go? what if i slip up and they go? if god exists, why would he curse me? of course i don't believe in him because why would he curse me? does he really not have anyone else? i love my family, but was the pedophile really necessary? getting a knife and relieving all the pain ive gathered up in my life sounds nice. i just want to die and get enteral rest, that's all i want. not getting awoken by anything, or anyone. all these kill yourself jokes? its all fun and games until you acutally do it. is this all ill ever be? to see them gathered up. to see them talk. to see them laugh. to see them. to see them for the last time. i want to see who you were. i want to see why. ill never find out why you did this to me. your anonymous. you make me not feel. you make me cry and rethink. i think it was for the better. it had to have been. i keep overthinking about what you would've wanted from me. god, i think i need new people. this isnt fucking working out. i never wanted to be this fucking way. i hope she knows she made me this way. leslie made me this way, for her happiness. i hate the way they look i hate the way they talk i hate the way they walk i hate the way they act i cant fucking take it anymore. i have a weird feeling about them, they just appeared out of nowhere. they make me wanna cry and i don't even know them. they make me feel weird. who are they? im getting sick of them. i feel useless, too. just a broken doll in your basement waiting to see sunlight again. i feel like were all breaking apart anyways. you feel so useless, yet, are you the one with the ones that care for you? are you the ones with the ones that would die for you? are you even you? i don't tend to think. i want to sleep one day, to never wake up again, to get eternal rest. maybe you and i both deserved it. but you and i are nothing alike. i dont wanna be you, nobody wants to be you and i. this is all you need. ❞
